Privacy Policy

Version 01/12/2022

 

*This Privacy Policy Governs our services. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy and/or do not meet and/or comply with the provisions set forth herein, then you may not use our Website or Services.  

*The governing language of this Privacy Policy is English (USA), which shall prevail over any other languages used in any translated document. 

Vessel Management LLC  

2020 Privacy Policy  

Updated: April 2, 2020 

Who we are
Vessel Management LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.managemyvessel.com website and the ManageMyVessel mobile application (the "Service"). 

The service allows our customers to perform a host of functions necessary to manage either a fleet of vessels or an individual vessel. 

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. 

 

Definitions
 "Customer" or “Subscriber” is a company or person that has created its own unique portal on the ManageMyVessel platform in order to manage one or many vessels. This may be under the Managemyvessel.com domain or a domain owned by the customer. 

 "User" is a person that has been issued a user name and password on the ManageMyVessel Platform by a Customer. 

 "Crew Member" is a person who would be employed onboard a vessel that is managed by the customer. 

 "Lead" is a person who has either visited our Websites or contacted ManageMyVessel about our services. A Lead may also include contacts that ManageMyVessel has acquired via various marketing endeavors. 

 "Data Subject" is a person who is either a Customer, User, Crew or Lead 

 "Website(s)" means any website(s) we own and operate (such as www.managemyvessel.com) or any web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs, social networks, social network "tabs," or other online, mobile, or wireless offerings that post a link to this privacy policy.  

"you" and "your" means, depending on the context, either a Customer, a User, a Crew Member or a Lead 

“External Website” means any website that is not directly related to the Manage My Vessel Platform. Example: A management company provides a link in their portal to their homepage.  

“Portal” or “Environment” is a virtual environment set up to offer customized Software as a Service.  

Privacy for Customers
This section applies to the Personal Information we collect and process from a Customer through the use of our Services 

A. Information We Collect 

The Personal Information that we may collect broadly falls into the following categories: 

(i) Information you provide to us: In the course of engaging with our Services, you may provide Personal Information about you and your Users and Crew Members. Personal Information is often, but not exclusively, provided to us when you sign up for and use the Services, consult with our customer service team, send us an email, or communicate with us in any other way. 

By giving us this information, you agree to this information being collected, used and disclosed as described in our End User License Agreement (EULA) and in this privacy policy. 

This information may include: 

Registration information: When you register for an account, you will be asked to provide certain basic information, such as your name, email address, username, password, company name phone number and other pertinent information 

Billing and communications information: If you purchase our Services, you may also need to provide us with payment and billing information, such as your credit card details and billing address. ManageMyVessel will also maintain a record of your billing transactions and purchases, and any communications and responses. 

Information we process on your behalf: As part of our services you will add users and crew members to your system. We process users and crew members information for you the customer based on the functionality of the software and the features you may use. 

(ii) Information we collect automatically: When you use the Services, we may automatically collect certain information about your device and usage of the Services. We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect some of this information. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed more below, and in more detail in our Cookie Policy  

This information may include: 

Device information: We collect information about the device and applications you use to access the Services, such as your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, and other information about your system and connection. 

Log data: Our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers and those log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses. We may also access metadata and other information associated with files that you upload into our Services. 

Product usage data: We collect usage data about you whenever you interact with our Services, which may include the dates and times you access the Services and your browsing activities (such as what portions of the Services are used). We also collect information regarding the performance of the Services, including metrics related to the deliverability of emails and other communications you send through the Services. This information allows us to improve the content and operation of the Services and facilitate research and analysis of the Services. 

(iii) Information from the use of our mobile apps: When you use our mobile apps, we may collect certain device and usage-related information in addition to information described elsewhere in this privacy policy. 

Device information: We may collect information about the type of device and operating system you use. The ManageMyVessel.com Platform does not ask for, access, or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our mobile apps or Services. However, Certain aspects of other portions of services and our business may use third party analytics (such as google analytics) collect non personally identifying info such as location or time spent on a particular page to allow us to appropriately offer the best possible service. 

B. Use of Personal Information 

We may use the Personal Information we collect through the Services or other sources for a range of reasons, including: 

To bill and collect money owed to us by you. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and those third parties collect billing information to process your orders and credit card payments. To learn more about the steps we take to safeguard that data, see the "Our Security" section of this privacy policy. 
To send you system alert messages. For example, we may inform you about temporary or permanent changes to our Services, such as planned outages, or send you account, security or compliance notifications, such as new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to this privacy policy. 
To communicate with you about your account and provide customer support. For example, responding to customer support emails, chat or calls 
To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. 
To provide information to representatives and advisors, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements. 
To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding. 
To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. 
To provide suggestions to you. This includes adding of new features or using data to suggest features of our services that you may be interested in or that may be relevant to you or your Users. 
Other purposes. To carry out other legitimate business purposes, as well as other lawful purposes about which we will notify you. 
C. Cookies, Analytics and Tracking Technologies 

We may use various technologies to collect and store information when you use our Services, and this may include using cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons. For example, we use web beacons in the emails we send on your behalf. These web beacons track certain behavior such as whether the email sent through the Services was delivered and opened and whether links within the email were clicked. They also allow us to collect information such as the recipient’s IP address, browser, email client type and other similar details. 

Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed in more detail in our Cookie Policy 

 Analytics Data: We use third party analytics services to help analyze how users use the Website. These analytics services use cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Website and we use the information to improve the Website. The analytics services ability to use and share information collected by them is restricted by their terms of use and privacy policy, which you should refer to for more information about how these entities use this information.  If third party services collect information, they do so anonymously without identifying individual visitors.  However, we may link the information we record using tracking technology to Personal Information we collect, via third party services in the process of servicing your account.  

 Aggregate: We may collect non-identifying and statistical information about the use of our Website, such as how many visitors visit a specific page, how long they stay on that page and which links, if any, they click on.  This information represents a generic overview of our users, including their collective habits. Information collected in the aggregate is not associated with you as an individual. We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties. 

Other Tracking Technologies: We may supplement information you provide to us with information from other sources, such as information to validate and/or update your address and/or other demographic information. This information is used to maintain the accuracy of information on our Website and for internal analysis.  We may also use clear gifs, pixel tags and web beacons, which are tiny graphic images placed on website pages and/or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions and are further used to track online movements of our users.  In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages.  We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to your Personal Information. 

 

D. Other Data Protection Rights 

You and your users and crew members may have the following data protection rights: 

To access, correct, update or request deletion of Personal Information. As a user or crew member you may have been granted access by the customer to manage many of your individual account settings within the platform. Users should contact the customer first; however, you may contact us directly by emailing us at support@managemyvessel.com 
In addition, individuals who are residents of the EEA can object to processing of their Personal Information, ask to restrict processing of their Personal Information or request portability of their Personal Information. If any of your users or crew member wishes to exercise any of these rights, they should contact you the customer directly however they can contact us as at support@managemyvessel.com . We will then open a support ticket to ensure this request is communicated with you our customer 
Similarly, if Personal Information is collected or processed on the basis of consent, the data subject (users or crew members) can withdraw their consent at any time. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. 
The right to complain to a data protection authority about the collection and use of Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available here. 
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection law. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request. If we receive a request from one of your Data subjects, we will either direct the data subject to reach out to you, or, if appropriate, we may respond directly to their request and copy you on the response 

Privacy for Users and Crew Members
This section applies to the information we process about our Users and Crew members pursuant to our legitimate business interests. Our Services are intended for use by our Customers, as a result, for much of the Personal Information we collect and process about Users and Crew members are through the Services, we act as a processor on behalf of our Customers. ManageMyVessel is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our Customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy policy. Please check with our Customers, (your management company or Vessel) about the policies they have in place. For purposes of this section, "you" and "your" refer to User or Crew Members Records. 

A. Information We Collect 

The Personal Information that we may collect or receive about you broadly falls into the following categories: 

(i) Information we receive about Users or Crew Members from our Customers: A Customer may provide Personal Information about you to us through the Services. For example, they may provide us with certain contact information or other Personal Information about you such as your name, email address, address or telephone number in order for us to provide support directly to you. 

(ii) Information we collect automatically: When you interact with an email campaign that you receive from a ManageMyVessel or contact us via email, chat or telephone we may collect information about you and your device and interaction with an email. We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect some of this information. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed more below, and in more detail in our Cookie Policy 

Device information: We collect information about the device and applications you use to access emails sent through our Services, such as your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, and other information about your system and connection. 

Product usage data: We collect usage data about you whenever you interact with emails sent through the Services, which may include dates and times you access emails and your browsing activities (such as what pages are viewed). We also collect information regarding the performance of the Services, including metrics related to the deliverability of emails and other electronic communications we or our Customers send through the Services. This information allows us to improve the content and operation of the Services and facilitate research and analysis of the Services. 

B. Use of Personal Information 

We may use the Personal Information we collect or receive about you for our legitimate business interests, including: 

To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law. This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations. 
To protect the rights and safety of our Customers, users and third parties, as well as our own. 
To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. 
To provide information to representatives and advisors, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements. 
To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding. 
To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. 
To provide, support and improve the Services. For example, this may include reviewing of our Customers data held on ManageMyVessel platform in order to provide and support our Services or to make certain features of the Services are available to our Customers. 
Other purposes. To carry out other legitimate business purposes, as well as other lawful purposes. 
C. Cookies and Tracking Technologies 

We and our partners may use various technologies to collect and store information when you interact with a ManageMyVessel email campaign, and this may include using cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons. For example, we use web beacons in the emails we send on behalf of our Customers. When you receive and engage with an Email campaign, web beacons track certain behavior such as whether the email sent through the platform was delivered and opened and whether links within the email were clicked. They also allow us to collect information such as your IP address, browser, email client type, and other similar details. We use this information to measure the performance of our email campaigns, and to provide analytics information and enhance the effectiveness of our Services.  

Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed in more detail in our Cookie Policy 

D. Legal Basis for Processing 

We process Personal Information about you where such processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Our legitimate interests typically include: improving, maintaining, providing, and enhancing our technology, products and services; ensuring the security of the Services and our Website; and for our marketing activities. 

E. Other Data Protection Rights 

You may have the following data protection rights: 

To access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information. You may contact us directly at any time about accessing, correcting, updating or deleting your Personal Information, or altering your data, by emailing us at support@managemyvessel.com .We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. 
In addition, if you are a resident of the EEA, you can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing us at support@managemyvessel.com . 
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available here. 
As described above, for much of the Personal Information we collect and process about you through the Services, we act as a processor on behalf of our Customers. In such cases, if you are a user or crew member and want to exercise any data protection rights that may be available to you under applicable law or have questions or concerns about how your Personal Information is handled by ManageMyVessel as a processor on behalf of our Customers, you should contact the relevant Customer that is using the ManageMyVessel Services and refer to their separate privacy policies. 

If you no longer want to have your personal information stored or controlled by one of our Customers through our Services, please contact the Customer which may be your management company directly to update or delete your data. If you contact us directly at support@managemyvessel.com , we will forward your request within a reasonable time to our Customer who should remove or update your information within a reasonable time. 

We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request. 

  

Privacy for Leads
This section applies to Personal Information that we collect and process through our Websites and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our recruitment, events, sales and marketing activities. In this section "you" and "your" refers to Leads. 

A. Information We Collect 

(i) Information you provide to us on the Websites or otherwise: Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide Personal Information voluntarily. For example, we may ask you to provide certain Personal Information (such as your name, contact details, company name, profile information) in order to sign up for a free or paid ManageMyVessel account, or otherwise submit inquiries to us. We may also collect Personal Information, such as your contact and job details and feedback, when you attend our events, take part in surveys, or through other business or marketing interactions we may have with you. You may choose to provide additional information when you communicate with us or otherwise interact with us, and we will keep copies of any such communications for our records. 

The Personal Information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your Personal Information. 

(ii) Information we collect automatically through the Websites: When you visit our Websites, we may also collect certain information automatically from your device. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered Personal Information under applicable data protection laws. 

  

Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed more below, and in more detail in our Cookie Policy 

B. Use of Personal Information 

We may use the information we collect through our Websites for a range of reasons, including: 

To provide, operate, optimize, and maintain our Websites. 
To send you information for marketing purposes, in accordance with your marketing preferences. 
To respond to your online inquiries and requests, and to provide you with information and access to resources or services that you have requested from us. 
To manage our Websites and system administration and security. 
To improve the navigation and content of our Websites. 
To identify any server problems or other IT or network issues. 
To process transactions and to set up online accounts. 
To compile aggregated statistics about site usage and to better understand the preferences of our Leads. 
To carry out research and development to improve our products and services. 
To customize content and layout of the Websites. 
To carry out other legitimate business purposes, as well as other lawful purposes. 
C. Public Information and Third-Party Websites 

We have public blogs on our Websites. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personal Information appears on our blogs and you want it removed, contact us at support@managemyvessel.com . If we are unable to remove your information, we will tell you why. 
Social media platforms and widgets. Our Websites include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. 
D. Cookies, Analytics and Tracking Technologies 

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect and use Personal Information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising. For further information about the types of cookies and tracking technologies we use, why, and how you can control them, please see our Cookie Statement 

Analytics Data: We use third party analytics services to help analyze how users use the Website. These analytics services use cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Website and we use the information to improve the Website. The analytics services ability to use and share information collected by them is restricted by their terms of use and privacy policy, which you should refer to for more information about how these entities use this information.  If third party services collect information, they do so anonymously without identifying individual visitors.  However, we may link the information we record using tracking technology to Personal Information we collect. 
Aggregate: We may collect non-identifying and statistical information about the use of our Website, such as how many visitors visit a specific page, how long they stay on that page and which links, if any, they click on.  This information represents a generic overview of our users, including their collective habits. Information collected in the aggregate is not associated with you as an individual. We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties. 
Other Tracking Technologies: We may supplement information you provide to us with information from other sources, such as information to validate and/or update your address and/or other demographic information. This information is used to maintain the accuracy of information on our Website and for internal analysis.  We may also use clear gifs, pixel tags and web beacons, which are tiny graphic images placed on website pages and/or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions and are further used to track online movements of our users.  In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages.  We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to your Personal Information. 
 

 

E. Other Data Protection Rights 

You have the following data protection rights: 

To access, correct, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information. You may contact us directly at any time about accessing, correcting, updating, or deleting your Personal Information, or altering your data or marketing preferences by emailing us at support@managemyvessel.com . We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. 
In addition, if you are a resident of the EEA, you can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing us at support@managemyvessel.com . 
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your Personal Information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. 
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available here. 
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request. 

  

General Information
 A. How We Share Information 

 (i) Any competent law enforcement body, regulatory body, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (a) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (b) to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights, or (c) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person. 

(ii) A potential buyer (and its agents and advisors) in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition. 

In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this privacy policy, including your rights to access and choice. We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website. 

(iii) Any other person with your consent. 

(iiii) We may share Personal Information and User Content with vendors, employees, contractors and/or agents who are performing services for MMV, (such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us; authentication systems, and fraud detection) (collectively, “Service Providers”). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Website and related products and/or services.  We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information. If Service Providers acquire confidential or proprietary information belonging to MMV or its customers, such information is required to be handled in confidence and may not be disclosed to unauthorized third parties. Service Providers who violate our security and safe maintenance of data policies are subject to appropriate discipline including, but not limited to, termination. Certain Service Providers will automatically collect non-identifying information about your use of our Website by using cookies and other technologies as similarly used by MMV.  

 

B. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information (EEA Persons Only) 

If you are from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.  

However, we will normally collect and use Personal Information from you where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Typically, our legitimate interests include improving, maintaining, providing, and enhancing our technology, products, and services; ensuring the security of the Services and our Websites; and for our marketing activities. 

If you are a Customer, we may need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you. In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you. 

If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not, as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information. 

Where required by law, we will collect Personal Information only where we have your consent to do so. 

If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us at support@managemyvessel.com 

C. Your Choices and Opt-Outs 

Data Subjects who have opted into our marketing emails can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our marketing messages. 

Also, all opt-out requests can be made by emailing us at support@managemyvessel.com. 

Please note that some communications (such as service messages, account notifications, billing information) are considered transactional and necessary for account management, and Customers and certain users cannot opt out of these messages unless you cancel your ManageMyVessel account. 

D. Our Security 

We take appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information. If you have any questions about the security of your Personal Information, you may contact us at support@managemyvessel.com 

ManageMyVessel accounts require a username and password to log in. Users must keep their username and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party. Because the information in a User’s account is so sensitive, account passwords are encrypted, and we cannot see a user’s password. We cannot resend forgotten passwords either. We will only provide Users with instructions on how to reset them.  

We periodically review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology. Because the internet is not a completely secure environment.